Instructions to install from pip and github (#451)
mehta-lab/waveorder: README.md

conda activate waveorder
```

(Option 1) Install a stable version of `waveorder` from PyPI:

```sh
pip install waveorder
```

> (Option 2) Install the latest version of `waveorder` from GitHub with all visualization dependencies (napari, jupyter), clone the repository, and run an example script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Option 2) Install the latest version of `waveorder` from GitHub with all visualization dependencies (napari, jupyter) if you are new to waveorder and want to run demos to become familiar with its features:
```

Author: Same here. Flipped the sentence.
